The resource files the resource system in SC2 uses, comes in two flavours.
There are 'packaged' files, which contain the data in the file itself,
and 'non-packaged' (index) files, which only point to other files.
The internal formats are described in pkgformat, and are mostly the same.

A resource file is opened by a calling OpenResFile(), after which a
MEM_HANDLE to a resource can be acquired from it by calling GetResource().

The argument of GetResource() is an integer value specifying the resource.
There are defines for this defined in (files included from) the various
resinst.h file. The defines are unique to a resource file.
A resource id can be something like this: 0x00400002
Bits 21-31 specify the package. (resources are grouped together in a
		resource file in packages) (a number >= 0).
Bits 0-7 specify the resource type of the resource (a number >= 1).
Bits 8-20 specify the instance number (the number of the resource of a
		type in a package) (a number >= 0).

The resource type is a number. What kind of resource that actually is,
is not specified in the package. The program registers functions for
loading data of a specific type number, by calling InitResTypeVectors().

In the original 3DO version the following types are used:
GFXRES    (1) - graphics data
STRTAB    (2) - string table
MUSICRES  (3) - music and sound data
RES_INDEX (4) - a resource 'file'
CODE      (5) - identifies code to use (the resouce file itself does not
		contain any code)

In the current Urquan Masters, the following types are used:
KEY_CONFIG (1) - keyboard configuration (not used in the 3do packages)
GFXRES     (2) - graphics data
FONTRES    (3) - font data
STRTAB     (4) - string table
SNDRES     (5) - waveform audio
MUSICRES   (6) - music
RES_INDEX  (7) - a resource 'file'
CODE       (8) - identifies code to use (the resouce file itself does not
		contain any code)

The resource files, resinst.h, restypes.h, and respkg.h files were
originally generated from information from the .res and .typ files. The
resource library should be compiled with 'PACKAGING' defined for this.



Initial version of this file 2002-10-23 by Serge van den Boom.

